USF-3668: Storefront Setup (create storefront) docs (#766)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/get-started/create-storefront.mdx

### Boilerplate template

Pre-configured storefront with the components and services you need to get started.

### Code Sync app

> Syncs your repo with the Edge Delivery code bus and purges CDN caches when you push. It is installed on a repository—global installation on a user or org space is not allowed. Installing it on a repo configures your site's content pointer in the helix configuration to your DA (Document Authoring) folder.

Reviewer: > It is installed on a repository—global installation on a user or org space is not allowed.

This reads strange to be but you're the writer :)

### Content folder

> Where you store content for your storefront (images, text, assets). Sharing read/write access with Edge Delivery Services enables document-based authoring: editing, previewing, and publishing.

Reviewer: Since we're here, the "sharing access with EDS" is a weird way to put it. It's like a fundamental piece of the stack. You have a content folder which you assign to a project and then you author content in that folder. I never think about it as if I am "allowing" EDS to access that folder.

### Sidekick

> Extension for editing, previewing, and publishing content from your content folder. Pushes content to the Edge Delivery content bus for preview and publish.

Reviewer: It also helps developers "back track" so if you are on a published page  like aemshop.net/apparel, when you click "edit" it opens a tab to /apparel document in the content space - https://da.live/edit#/adobe-commerce/boilerplate/apparel

### Site Creator

> App in Document Author (DA.live) that creates and initializes your storefront. You can choose content only or code and content. For public sites you can pick a theme base: B2C (default) or B2B. It can generate storefront configuration for you and tries to fill in values it finds from the API. Any remaining template values must be replaced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
App in Document Author (DA.live) that creates and initializes your storefront. You can choose content only or code and content. You can pick a theme base: B2C (default) or B2B. It can generate storefront configuration for you and tries to fill in values it finds from the API. Any remaining template values must be replaced.
```

Sidekick is an extension that makes it easy for creators to connect, edit, preview, and publish content directly from documents and spreadsheets in your content folder. It's also responsible for pushing content to the Edge Delivery content bus so it can be previewed and published.

### Site Creator

> The Site Creator app in DA creates and initializes the content side of your storefront in the Document Author environment. It creates your content folder and configures the connection between your code repository and content.

Reviewer: The site creator does a lot more than just initialize content/link code and content.

1. You can choose - content only, or code and content.
2. You can decide on a "theme" base - for public, that is b2c (default) or b2b).
3. You can have it generate storefront configuration for you. It does its best to provide a basic config with some things it could find in the API, otherwise they are template values and need replaced.

### Create site repo

This task requires you to have a GitHub account with access to the organization or owner where you want to create your new repo. All three backends use the same boilerplate template.

<Tabs>

<TabItem label="Personal GitHub account">

Create the repo under your personal account. When you select **Owner**, choose your username. Install the Code Sync app on the repository in the next step.

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="GitHub Enterprise (organization)">

> Create the repo under your organization. When you select **Owner**, choose the organization. You may need organization admin approval to install the Code Sync app on a repository. Ensure you have permission to create repositories and install GitHub Apps in the organization.

Reviewer: Maybe a note - you can always use [repoless](https://www.aem.live/docs/repoless) to change repo assignment for an EDS site - so if org access is troubling, you can just provision to a personal account, and when you learn more about EDS/repoless, you can "migrate".

### Create site repo

This task requires you to have a GitHub account with access to the organization or owner where you want to create your new repo. All three backends use the same boilerplate template.

<Tabs>

<TabItem label="Personal GitHub account">

> Create the repo under your personal account. When you select **Owner**, choose your username. The Code Sync app will be installed to your account.

Reviewer: I think its more appropriate to say that the code sync app gets installed on a repository. They actually disallow you to install it globally on a user/org "space".

</Callouts>

<Aside type="tip" title="Managed backends (ACCS / Adobe Commerce Optimizer)">

> Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service and Adobe Commerce Optimizer use the same repo creation steps above. The only difference is in the next step when you configure `config.json` to point to your managed environment.

Reviewer: Not config.json - use storefront configuration and link the doc.
```suggestion
Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service and Adobe Commerce Optimizer use the same repo creation steps above. The only difference is in the next step when you configure [storefront configuration](LINK!) to point to your managed environment.
```

### Link repo to commerce data

> To link your storefront repo to your commerce backend, use the <Link href="https://da.live/app/adobe-commerce/storefront-tools/tools/config-generator/config-generator" text="config generator tool" /> to automatically generate a `config.json` file for your site based on your Commerce backend. The configuration differs significantly by backend — follow only the tab for your backend.

Reviewer: Not config.json - storefront configuration.

<Tabs>

<TabItem label="Commerce PaaS">

> PaaS environments use standard Adobe Commerce header naming conventions and require API keys for SaaS services.

Reviewer: All of the variations by backend are already documented in storefront configuration.

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service">

Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service uses standard Adobe Commerce header naming conventions but does **not** require API keys or environment IDs. Your managed environment provides these automatically.

**Required values:**
- Commerce GraphQL endpoint URL (provided by Adobe during provisioning)
- `Magento-Store-View-Code`
- `Magento-Website-Code`

No SaaS API keys or environment IDs are needed in the default configuration.

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Adobe Commerce Optimizer">

Adobe Commerce Optimizer uses **different header naming conventions** from PaaS and Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service. Do not use standard Commerce headers.

**Required values:**
- Commerce GraphQL endpoint URL (provided by Adobe during provisioning)
- `AC-View-ID` (your Adobe Commerce Optimizer view identifier)
- `AC-Source-Locale`
- `AC-Price-Book-ID`

See the <Link href="https://developer.adobe.com/commerce/services/optimizer/merchandising-services/using-the-api/#headers" text="Merchandising Services API documentation" /> for header details.

> </TabItem>

Reviewer: Yea, remove all of this ^.

</Tabs>

Update the storefront configuration for your project:

<Steps>

> 1. Open the <Link href="https://da.live/app/adobe-commerce/storefront-tools/tools/config-generator/config-generator" text="config generator tool" /> and select your backend type to generate the correct `config.json` structure.

Reviewer: storefront configuration, not config.json

2. Enter the values for your project. See the [Storefront configuration reference](/setup/configuration/commerce-configuration/) for field descriptions (select the tab for your backend).

> 3. Replace the `config.json` file in your repo with the generated file.

Reviewer: This is fine, since it is a literal file reference/instruction. Though long term we should suggest they manage in config service.

### Add content

> Now let's create and initialize the content side of your storefront. We'll create a new folder and share it with Edge Delivery Services. Same for all backends.

Reviewer: IDK what "share with" means.
